[♪♪♪]
♪ Hey ♪
[CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY]
♪ Don't write
Yourself off yet ♪
♪ It's only in your head you ♪
JOANNA: Hi.
Sorry I'm late.
Oh, hey.
It's okay.
Gave me time
to beat my Snake score.
Anyways, I'm already used
to being flaked on.
Mm. Peter.
Tiffany's whole group
got caught bringing
alcohol into the dance.
They got kicked out,
so you should be happy
she bailed on you.
Really?
Yeah.
That's okay, I didn't wanna go
with her anyways.
Well why didn't you ask
someone else?
There's no one else to ask.
Nobody?
In the whole school?
I mean,
there was another girl,
but I wasn't sure
how she felt.
♪ Alright
It just takes some time ♪
[SIGHS]
Whatever.
Someone else
asked her anyway.
Well then don't wait
so long next time.
You know?
You should have
had a backup.
I don't wanna
make someone a backup.
I would have been
your backup.
[SCOFFS]
[LAUGHS]
Hey, do you wanna go to
the after party at Wes'?
I heard he just
got a GameCube.
Nah, I don't think so.
Applications are due soon.
Peter, this is senior year. You
need to start enjoying it more.
Stop worrying.
How can I not worry?
You know, college
is so important.
You know,
it affects everything.
Whatever's gonna happen
is gonna happen, you know.
You might as well
just go with the flow.
Oh, okay, sure.
I'll be 30,
jobless, single,
living on my parent's couch
and muttering to myself
"I'm just, going with the flow."
[LAUGHS]
Okay, so maybe you
need a backup plan.
Did you learn nothing
from the dance, you know?
Unless you wanna be
single when you're 30.
Oh, hell no.
Thirty is so old. Do you think
you'll be married by then?
I don't know. That's like
forever from now, you know?
And anyway,
what's the point?
My parents, they got
divorced in their 30s, so.
Yeah, but doesn't it freak you
out that you might be alone?
Mm, just go with the flow,
you know?
Or have a backup plan.
Hey, you're learning,
ha-ha-ha.
Oh, do you wanna be
my backup then?
Yeah, okay.
Ha, ha...
Wait. What?
Yeah, why not,
you know?
But only if you were
my backup too.
By then, we'll probably be
totally happy with other people,
but, if we're not,
you've made some good points.
I did?
Yeah. Like, if you had known
that I would have been your
backup to the dance, wouldn't it
have been less scary to ask
that girl you wanted to go with?
Yeah.
Okay, okay. If we're
still single by 30 then...
let's get married.
Cool.
Oh. Shake on it?
[SLURPING]
[PHONE RINGS]
Hey.
Okay yeah,
I'll be right out.
Hey, Wes is here.
Are you sure you don't wanna go?
Yeah.
Well, I'll see you Monday, then.
Later,
future husband.
Peace out,
wifey.
Joanna!
Have a good time.
I will. Bye.
♪ Everything, everything
Will be just fine ♪
[PHONE CHIMES]
♪ Everything, everything
Will be alright ♪
[PHONE CHIMES]
[SIGHS]
[♪♪♪]
PETER:
Morning, Grace.
GRACE:
Isn't it your birthday
or something?
I normally rely on Facebook,
but I deactivated it after
Mom invited me
to her Bible study group.
In fact, it is.
What did you get me?
An employee with a solid work
ethic? 'Cause, I need one.
Chill. I processed the Goldman
order like hours ago.
Well, what are you
working on now, then?
Oh, just a new track.
[TECHNO MUSIC PLAYS]
Is this what you're using
your Biochem degree for?
No. I'm gonna use that in
a year when I go to med school.
Now is the time to brag about
applying to medical school.
Do you realize how
lucky you are?
I didn't get a gap year.
The summer after I graduated,
Mom and Dad
made me work here,
and I had to have
an internship.
Stop talking
and get back to work.
Happy birthday!
Thanks, Ma.
Happy birthday, Peter.
I've posted on your wall.
Oh...nice.
Thanks, Dad.
So, what are you gonna do
for the big three-oh?
Mm, Mark and I gonna go check
out this new taco truck on 10th.
Tacos? Slow down, isn't
that like a 40th birthday,
this is as good as it
gets type of thing?
Robin wish you
a happy birthday?
No.
Why not?
Maybe it's the whole we're not
together anymore thing?
You should
call her.
And say what? Hey, uh, this
is your ex-boyfriend calling.
Wish me a happy birthday.
[SCOFFS]
Then call someone else.
A man of your age should be
settling down by now.
Mm-hmm.
It's time to hurry up
and give
us grandbabies.
Yeah, Peter,
you're kind of bringing
great shame on
this family.
[♪♪♪]
[BIRDS WHISTLING]
Nope.
[INDISTINCT TALKING]
Lisa?
JoJo!
Hi!
Oh, it's so good
to see you.
Oh, you too.
Wow.
I can't believe you're here,
like standing here,
it's so weird.
Or is this one of those,
I have a layover before
my Singapore flight visits?
[LAUGHS]
No, I'm a, I'm back
back for now.
Okay, well I want all the deets.
Okay.
[♪♪♪]
Okay, so I read about
this place on a blog
and they're supposed to
have the best tacos.
What is that, fish and grapes?
Is this how we're
going out for your birthday?
Yeah, man, it's chill.
I like chill.
And speaking of chill,
what do you think
of this app?
It's called Dryncht.
[INHALES SHARPLY]
Apparently it tells you if
you're wearing too much cologne.
No, that sounds terrible.
How does that even work?
I don't know,
I'm just the money guy.
Did Robin wish
you happy birthday?
No.
Why does everyone keep
asking me that?
It's almost impossible not to
wish someone a happy birthday.
You know, I mean Facebook
puts it on your phone.
I mean it's gotta be a big deal,
the year an ex-girlfriend
doesn't hit you up anymore
to wish you a happy birthday.
I mean, that means
she's totally over you.
Look, I wasn't expecting
to hear from her.
Although it would
have been nice.
Yeah well, Robin's not nice.
Hey.
I can say that, but you can't.
Yeah, I mean,
can you imagine if you
were still with her?
I mean, she would throw
the most amazing birthday party
for Robin. And you would
have been okay with it.
Because...you never
say what you want.
That's not true,
man.
Hey, he just cut you.
Are you gonna let him cut you?
No.
Hey buddy,
you cut my friend. It's his
birthday, move your ass.
Put my foot
in it.
Hey, how you doing?
What's up?
Fish and grapes, please.
Birthday boy.
Two. Two.
LISA:
So everything I know
about you is from the internet,
I'm totally obsessed.
You partied on a yacht?
Mm, yeah, that was from
a few years ago in Thailand.
Then you had that short hair,
don't care phase in May.
And then...nothing.
Yeah, I'm off
social media now.
Is it because of a guy?
Yeah, sort of.
Was it the hot guy
at the rooftop party
with the Chinese lanterns
and the pug
that everybody was posing with?
Yeah, sorry, I went
down a rabbit hole.
Wow, Swimfan. Uh, yeah,
that was Carl.
Carl wanted more,
and I wasn't ready, so I left.
And long story short, he started
seeing a close friend of mine.
Shut up.
They're getting married.
What?
Just got the save the date.
Steal your man and then
invite you to the wedding.
That is so dramatic.
Uh, no, it wasn't like that.
Allison was like
my little sister in college
and she was very upfront
about the whole thing.
Still I would feel really
weird if I were you.
Obviously it's not what
I had planned on happening,
but neither was being almost 30
and moving back to my hometown,
single, so uh, yeah,
it's nothing I can't handle.
Might as well throw in my ex
marrying my college best friend.
Wow. You've never made me feel
so happy about being married.
My sister and I have to
binge watch The Bachelor
and you're like
living the real thing.
I don't take that
as a compliment.
How is Chloe,
by the way?
Oh, she's 26
and a pain in my ass
and she's
been living with me.
Hey, are you looking
for a roommate?
MARK:
So where we going
tonight, birthday boy?
Nowhere.
Are you kidding me?
Come on, like...
"It's my birthday" is
the best pick-up line
and tonight,
it's actually true.
Look, I really don't want
to make a big deal out of it.
Let me see your phone.
I'm gonna download
this app.
[TAPPING]
Ah, they put
salsa verde in this.
Dude, what's wrong with
being in your 30s?
Your 30s are awesome.
If anything, your 20s sucked.
You have no money,
no direction,
you have no idea
what you're doing.
It's like,
adult puberty.
Yeah.
I just feel like
I haven't accomplished anything
I thought I was supposed to.
You know by the time my dad
was 30, he was married,
had two kids and escaped
a Communist regime.
Mm-hmm.
My biggest decision
today will be if I
send back this burrito
with salsa verde.
I may be 30, but I
feel like a teenager.
Boom. Updated your status,
you're hosting a birthday
party tonight, Sawhorse.
Dude, not cool. What...
I don't care.
It's your birthday.
Turn up!
WOMAN:
Ah, yes!
My skin looks
so good in this lighting.
Wow, oh my gosh,
I mean, I love it.
I'm so down.
Um, maybe we're doing this
a little quickly,
I still have furniture to buy--
I saw a garage sale on Facebook
and there's Craigslist,
so I'm on it.
Well, you know maybe
we should get to know each other
a little bit better first.
Totally, yeah,
here's my synop.
I'm 25--
Twenty-six.
Shut up.
Okay.
Uh, SWF, ADD, ESFP on the MBTI.
Um, what else? Oh!
I sleep-eat,
but I also awake-eat,
and girls are threatened by me,
because I physically
and verbally threaten them,
and I have
very little patience,
and I hate kids,
and early mornings.
Uh, what do you do?
I'm a teacher.
Of...children?
Unfortunately.
[LAUGHS]
Sorry, it says that your
old bestie Peter Ma is having
a "2 Fast, 2 Thirteous
Birthday Extravaganza."
Why do I get notified for
this stuff? Makes no sense.
Wow. Peter Ma.
We haven't spoken in years.
Oh, it's at Sawhorse.
I hate that bar.
I love that bar.
Of course you do.
Who's Peter?
Okay, he cute.
Eh, maybe it'd be fun
to go surprise him.
Will you come with me?
That's gonna be a hard pass.
Ryan and I are watching
a nature documentary
and then having scheduled sex.
Scheduled sex?
Yep. That's what
married people do.
That's so unromantic.
Relax, we have romance time.
Scheduled on Thursdays
from seven to nine.
Have fun you guys, okay?
Cause I know I will.
We're gonna heat it up,
then cool it down.
I don't know what
it is.
Goodbye.
Okay.
Bye Lis.
Roommate bonding.
[NERVOUS LAUGH]
Wonder how long until
our cycles sync up.
[♪♪♪]
Happy birthday to you--
Look, I'll have one drink
and then I'm leaving.
No, no, no. Dude. You're gonna
stay, relax, it's okay.
No, no, no, seriously.
I wanna catch the last quarter
of the Laker game
and besides,
it was a last minute post,
I'm sure no one's
gonna show up.
Wh-what are you talking about?
Where's your buddy Jeff?
Hey Jeff.
I don't even know
who Jeff is.
No, please don't, no, no.
Please don't.
Joanna?
Peter!
Oh my god.
Wow, happy 30th.
Wow! C-come on,
come here, come here.
W-what are you
doing here?
I mean obviously
I'm here for a
"2 Fast, 2 Thirteous
Birthday Extravaganza."
I told you it was a great title,
you're welcome.
Oh hey, uh, this is Mark,
we went to college together,
and Joanna,
known since I was a kid.
[LAUGHS]
Nice to meet you.
Hi, good to meet you too.
Joanna! Yo!
Okay, let me go check
on my friend,
I'll be right back.
Okay.
Huh.
And you thought a bunch of
randos were just gonna show up.
She's not a rando.
She was my best friend
in high school and...
you know, we just lost touch
over the years,
but, I guess it's pretty random.
Oh, best friend, huh?
Did you guys..?
[SQUEAKING NOISES]
No, no, no. It was not
like that between us.
Oh, so she
friend zoned you?
No!
I mean, I did have
a crush on her,
but I don't think
she felt the same way.
See, that's why I'm not
friends with any ladies.
[LAUGHS]
Wow, it's insane that
she's here.
Wait, what?
I doubt she remembers,
but in high school,
we made a pact that
if we weren't married
by the time we're 30,
we'd marry each other.
Wow. That is the most stupidest
thing I've ever heard.
Were you guys stoned
and watching Dawson's Creek?
No, it was like sort of a joke,
you know.
She was my backup.
How about you back
your ass up into that bar
and go ask her out.
[CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY]
I'm gonna go for it.
Hell yeah, and I'm
gonna be your wingman.
[BUZZES]
Oh my god, you're so pretty.
Never stand next to me.
Hey!
Hi.
Sup, ladies.
Hey.
How you doing,
I'm Mark.
Uh, this is Chloe,
my roommate.
Um, you remember Lisa, right?
This is her sister.
Yes, Lisa. She used to
con me into giving her my
Calculus homework
before class, right?
That's Lisa.
Ah, Calculus.
That's-- He's so smart.
Where is everyone
else though?
Oh, I-I deleted
the post
it was all Mark's idea.
No, but he came up with it,
he's a genius.
You're silly, you're so silly.
[LAUGHS]
Um, I actually just wanted
something chill.
Curl up with
a milkshake from Sunny's?
Yes, yes.
Yeah, man, I miss Sunny's.
No, I-I-I haven't been
there in like years.
I can't believe
you remembered that.
Sunny's,
you know.
Oh, uh, I'm sorry
we didn't order this.
CHLOE:
I did.
To Peter and his
waning youth.
To the birthday boy.
Cheers.
PETER: So where you living now?
Um--
Oh, my god,
is this Mark?
Oh my god.
He just popped up on happn.
Shirtless and holding
a baby tiger.
Yeah, I was out in the safari
after selling my hit app.
Creator of "What Do You Meme?",
that's your app?
A meme generator?
Swipe left.
What? No, it's swipe left
for being judgmental.
Swipe left for
John Mayer quotes.
Swipe left for fathers
that clearly
didn't take care of
their daughters.
Swipe left for holding up two
bottles of Dom by your face
in a club? No.
Swipe left for someone
who's clearly jealous
that they haven't had
bottle service in Vegas.
Swipe left on
Axe body spray
and that tacky watch
and tweezed eyebrows.
Swipe left on someone who
doesn't appreciate hygiene,
bling, and eyebrows
that stay fleet.
Okay, swipe left,
delete app,
throw away phone,
become mountain woman!
Let's go, Joanna.
Oh! Okay.
Okay, catch
you later.
Wanna go out
sometime?
What the hell happened?
That girl Chloe is ridiculous.
No, no, no.
We were making progress,
where was my wingman?
Look, I-I can't wing when
there's this annoying
sparrow picking at my feathers.
All right, we'll just..
[SIGHS]
We'll take a break.
Okay? W-w-we'll talk
to someone else.
Let's talk to these girls.
I don't want to talk to girls.
I want to talk to Joanna.
Hey ladies! Would you like it
if my friend here bought
you guys a drink?
Yes, Mark, that's exactly
what I wanted to do.
Awesome.
Finally,
oh my god.
Ha-ha, I would
like a vodka cran,
but just like
a splash of cran.
And Courtney's gonna get
a white wine spritzer.
And Jacey...
[SNAPS]
Jacey!
Jacey.
Give her a water,
she's cut off for the night.
[♪♪♪]
Okay, that
was intense.
Was it?
No, no, I was flirting.
With Mark?
Absolutely not, no,
with that guy over there.
We were making eye
contact the whole time.
Wow.
Uh, he's so cute, he has friends
go talk to them.
Uh, no, I-I wanna go
you know,
catch up with Peter.
Really? Okay.
Yeah.
The spritzer, yes that's--
You're amazing.
[NERVOUS LAUGHTER]
You know, actually,
let's-let's grab drinks.
Yeah, let's
grab some drinks.
No, no, no,
I don't live with my parents
I work
with my parents.
Oh yeah,
I love my parents too.
Hey, just so you know,
Asha, the baby tiger and I,
still keep in touch.
Okay, I send a dollar
every month to keep
that little bad boy fed.
It's not just
some ploy.
Okay.
I was more opposed
to your waxed chest.
That was just
a phase.
That I'm still
going through.
I don't hate it.
I-I-I could say anything
and it wouldn't matter.
I don't want to be
here right now.
There's a girl from high school
that I want to ask out.
You're right,
Jacey is a bitch. Ha-ha-ha.
You're so funny.
Hey.
Oh, hi.
Sorry I lost you.
Whoa, I didn't know
this bar was here.
Yeah, uh, kind of needed
a break from upstairs.
Lot of sketchy guys
up there.
[LAUGHS]
Well no, it like, really sucks
to be a girl
at a bar.
Okay wait, no, no, no. I-I
just bought three girls drinks
and probably paid off one
of their student loans.
[LAUGHS]
It sucks for guys at bars.
Can you imagine, like, asking
someone out at a bar, though?
Worst place ever.
Totally agree.
So...
Did you have a good
birthday tonight?
Yeah.
Although I would have preferred
something more low-key.
But it was
great seeing you,
I just wish we
got to catch up more.
I know, me too.
Well, hey, um,
is Sunny's still open?
Wanna go?
Yes, please. Let's leave
this place. Um, should we
go find Mark and Chloe, though?
Yes, yes,
uh...
[TAPPING]
Oh, Mark said that they
went to another bar,
but didn't say which one.
They?
Yeah.
What? Okay.
Actually, Chloe downloaded
Find My Friends on my phone
before she left.
People use that?
Chloe does.
Oh, they're
actually not too far,
do you wanna just
meet them there?
Please. Let's get
out of here.
Oh I don't know if
I can do another bar.
Yeah I know that
sounds rough.
All right,
let's go, go, go!
[CRICKETS CHIRPING]
So, Joanna Taylor not
on social media.
That's a bold move.
I mean it gets people thinking.
Who is she avoiding?
I swear it's really
not that interesting.
All right,
I hear you.
And you were
dating a guy?
Yeah, Carl,
uh...
He's a little older than me,
ready to get married, so...
Things got complicated.
Oh. I'm sorry.
It's totally fine, you know.
Uh, what about you?
I saw you were dating some
girl for a long time.
Robin.
But that long time ended
a few months ago.
Sorry.
It's okay.
[SIGHS]
But hey, you excited to be
single again?
Cause I know I am terrified.
Especially after seeing
all of that tonight.
Oh my god, it's so hard to get
back out there after a breakup.
[SIGHS]
Well I know what you mean.
You know, at 30, starting over
again feels like so much work.
You know? I just
wanna skip the dating
and get straight to
the relationship part.
You think you're starting over,
like, imagine moving back
to your hometown.
I don't even really know anyone.
The few people I do
know are married.
Well that's why everyone
needs a backup.
[LAUGHS]
What?
Just...do you
remember our pact?
If we're both still
single by 30...
Yeah, so you know,
I'm 30 in five months.
[LAUGHS]
I think we're actually
pretty close.
Really?
Yeah.
I think it's
over here.
Yeah, I don't think
there's a bar around here.
It says she's
right here.
Hm.
Wait, shh!
Listen, listen.
[MUFFLED VOICES]
Wait is that?
Wait, no, is that,
is that?
Yeah, yeah,
No. Ew. Ew!
Okay, let's go.
Ew! Oh my gosh.
Are they actually in the--
Yes, yes they are.
I think, actually,
I know they were.
[SIGHS]
Hey.
I'm on if you're still on.
For what?
The pact.
How many drinks have you had?
[LAUGHS]
You know hear
me out okay?
Dating is scary at
this age because
when you're starting
a new relationship,
you have to get to know someone
all over again, all right?
Well I know you.
You're Peter Ma, you're...
allergic to nuts
and you love 90s hip-hop.
Okay, a lot has
changed in 12 years.
I graduated
to aughts hip-hop.
Look.
You didn't see
yourself single at 30,
I didn't see myself
single at 30.
Let's not look at this
as we're gonna get
married in five months, okay?
Let's look at this as
a motivator to get us out
there, meeting people
with the comfort of knowing we
can fall back on a friendship.
Yeah, I can kind of
follow the logic there.
But, I just turned
30, so...
on your 30th,
I propose?
How 'bout this?
We help each other date.
Okay? That's what
this will be about.
First and foremost, if we're
both still single by the time
I turn 30,
then...
Let's go for it.
We'll be each other's backups.
Yeah,
we'll go for it.
Unless you think it's
too crazy.
No. I mean, yeah.
I-i-it is kind of
crazy, yeah.
Which is why we should
set some ground rules.
Hey, don't
overthink it.
How can I not overthink it,
I mean we're talking about
marriage here.
No, we're talking about
teaming up.
Fine, okay.
But just one rule.
Okay, what's that?
That we're always
honest with each other.
Of course,
why wouldn't we be?
[CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY]
Hey.
What are you guys--
What a coincidence.
[LAUGHS]
I smell like
cheap cologne.
Six hundred dollars
isn't cheap.
What? You paid $600
to smell like this?
[MOUTHING WORDS]
[SIGHS]
You guys wanna get
pizza or something?
I'm starving suddenly.
Yeah.
You guys must be really hungry.
[♪♪♪]
[KNOCKING]
Hey.
Hi.
Nice place.
Uh yeah, if you can
see it under the mess.
So uh, last
night was crazy.
Oh, yeah.
Mark seems to be in love.
Chloe has not
mentioned it once.
Oh, boy.
I'm sure
it'll be fine.
Have you told Mark
about the pact?
Yeah. He thinks
we're insane.
Yeah, Chloe's words
were "cray cray".
Oh, for them to think that?
[LAUGHS]
I'm unfazed. So...
Uh, how do you wanna
kick things off?
Well it's the first day
of our pact, so...
We should start fresh.
Clean slate.
How about we delete our ex's
numbers from our phones?
[♪♪♪]
All right.
Ready?
Three...two...one.
[IMITATES EXPLOSION]
Wow. That felt awesome.
Should have done that
a long time ago.
Feeling good?
[CLICK]
Yeah.
[♪♪♪]